Archiving messages (#627)
google/jaxopt: README.md

  respect to their inputs either implicitly or via autodiff of unrolled
  algorithm iterations.

## Status<a id="status"></a>

JAXopt is no longer maintained nor developed. Alternatives may be found

> [here](https://docs.jax.dev/en/latest/). Some of its features (like losses,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the JAX [website](https://docs.jax.dev/en/latest/). Some of its features (like losses,
```
